[ECOINT-117] Add Gatling Enterprise integration (#2669)
DataDog/integrations-extras: gatling_enterprise/README.md

Reviewer: @dd-dominic Just noting that this will need a Data Collected section to display the metrics. I think our engineers add that these days?

# Gatling Enterprise

## Overview

Gatling Enterprise is a load testing platform designed to help teams validate application scalability and performance under real-world traffic conditions.

> With the Datadog integration, teams can investigate performance issues by correlating load test metrics (e.g., response times, throughput, errors) with infrastructure data tracked in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the Datadog integration, teams can investigate performance issues by correlating load test metrics such as response times, throughput, and errors with infrastructure data tracked in Datadog.
```

Gatling Enterprise sends metrics to Datadog, allowing engineering and SRE teams to centralize performance insights and improve decision-making around scalability and reliability.

## Setup

> > **Note:** This integration is available for Gatling Enterprise customers. To learn more about Gatling Enterprise and get started for free, visit[ gatling.io/products][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This integration is available for Gatling Enterprise customers. To learn more about Gatling Enterprise and get started for free, visit [gatling.io/products][1].
```

1. In Datadog, navigate to **Integrations**, select the Gatling Enterprise tile, and click **Install Integration.**

> 2. In your Gatling control-plane installation, edit your [configuration file][2]. In the section `system-properties`, add the parameters as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your Gatling control-plane installation, edit your [configuration file][2]. In the section `system-properties`, add the parameters as follows. Replace YOUR_API_KEY with your [Datadog API key][3] and use the correct [Datadog site][4] for your organization:
```

```bash

control-plane {

  locations = [

    {

      id = "prl_example"

      # ... other configuration for your location

      system-properties {

>         "gatling.enterprise.dd.api.key" = "<your api key>" # fill your API key here
> 
>         "gatling.enterprise.dd.site" = "datadoghq.com"  # replace with your Datadog site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "gatling.enterprise.dd.api.key" = "YOUR_API_KEY" # Fill your API key here

        "gatling.enterprise.dd.site" = "datadoghq.com"  # Replace with your Datadog site
```

      }

    }

  ]

}

```

## Uninstallation

1. In Datadog, navigate to **Integrations**, select the Gatling Enterprise tile, and click **Uninstall Integration**.

2. In your Gatling control-plane installation, edit your [configuration file][2]. In the section `system-properties`, remove the lines containing `gatling.enterprise.dd`.

## Support

Need help? Contact [Gatling Enterprise support][4].

[1]: https://gatling.io/products

> [2]: <https://docs.gatling.io/reference/install/cloud/private-locations/introduction/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2]: https://docs.gatling.io/reference/install/cloud/private-locations/introduction/
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/
```
